---
title: "Title of the Concept or Topic"
date: YYYY-MM-DD
tags: ["viem", "sway", "tag3"] # Optional: Add tags relevant to the topic
---

# Introduction

Briefly introduce the topic or concept you learned. Explain why it is important or where it is used.

## What I Learned

### Viem

**Resources**
(Viem Speed Run)[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9oUqVsHBkA]

`eth_call` and `eth_sendRawTransaction` are the low level JSON RPC methods used under the hood for contract reads/writes.
`*filter` and `eth_getLogs` are the low level JSON RPC methods used under the hood for listening to events.

Action or method types:

- Public - read methods (getBalance, getChainId, etc)
- Wallet
- Test

**Client**

The client is how we can interact with an EVM node to do things like get a wallet's balance or get the block number.

```ts
const client = createPublicClient({
  chain: sepolia,
  transport: http(API_URL),
});
```

### Sway

Imports are based on the project source: `use ::math::types::i24::I24` for `src/math/types/i24.sw`

### Misc

```js
require("crypto").randomBytes(32).toString("hex");
```

Creates a valid private key.

**Imports**

## Examples

Provide one or more examples to illustrate the concept. If applicable, include code snippets or diagrams.

```language
// Example code snippet or pseudocode
function exampleFunction() {
    return "This is an example.";
}
```

## Challenges and Questions

Acknowledging difficulties and unresolved questions can guide future learning efforts and remind you of areas that need further exploration.

## Additional Resources

Links to articles, documentation, tutorials, or videos that supplemented your learning. It's helpful to note why each resource was useful.

## Reflections

A chance to reflect on how the day’s learning contributes to your overall knowledge and how it might be applied practically.
